On a dark and starry night, the Boys Scouts of Troop 12 Leominster were off on another adventure. This month it was deep into the Gardner woods to the former Cub Scout camp, Camp Collier.  As they settled for the night in the cabin they recounted tales from last year about how the very same cabin had been freezing cold five feet from the stove.

As the sun rose over the frozen lake, lighting the sky and reflecting off the ice, the scouts of Troop 12 Leominster arose from their slumber. They began preparing for breakfast; they were having a Lumberjack Breakfast. They had waffles, eggs, bacon, cinnamon buns, French toast, and sausage. As their tummies settled they got ready to do a service project. But this wasn’t some old boring service project, this was fun and exciting.

Camp Collier has lots of old tent platforms at old tenting sites. The scouts met up with other scouts from Troop 27 Gardner and they broke down the tent platforms. They brought back to the cabin. Outside of the cabin they set the platforms a blaze in a massive bon fire, wait my bad “cooking fire”. For lunch the scouts were visited by two Cub scouts from Pack 3 Leominster. They had Teriyaki Stir fry for lunch, it was so good there was none left and the adults even ate some of it. After lunch four scouts started the Geocaching merit badge.

For the badge they talked real briefly about Geocaching. Then they were off on an adventure. They went and found a real Geocach plus two that two of the adults had set up for them to find. While they were Geocaching Mr. B found a lobster claw, it was massive large enough to squeeze their heads. While these scouts were Geocaching the others continued the service project. Soon they said good-bye to the Cub scouts and started dinner. For dinner they had spiral ham, peach cobbler, chili, and roasted potatoes. Later they packed up the gear they didn’t need for tomorrow and had Brownies for dessert.

The next morning as the sun rose, the scouts got up and began to pack. Then they had a simple breakfast of cereal and pop tarts. They finished packing and left the camp at record setting time of 8:00 a.m.