A layer of soft, white, powdery frosting covered the ground. In some places it piled higher than mountains and in others it was a light dusting. The boys of varying size and some adults took their first steps out into the frigid night of this winter wonder land. They marched towards their cabin to begin a refreshing winter weekend away from home and the worries of life. As the night began and camp was set up; the boys found that the frozen lake of ice had a thin layer of water above it. They went into the cool dark night to play, but others stayed in the warm light of the cabin. Those inside began to play a game where they controlled armies and marched against one another in hope of conquering the world, but as the game was called sometimes it was a Risk to try and take over. Then the scouts all settled in for the night.

As first light began to rise so did the scouts. It had snowed and they could see that a new layer of frosting cover the land. The water on the lake had frozen to a thin layer. They rose and began their day. Cooks prepared breakfast and the rest played board games or catch. After the meal they began to play football and some went ice fishing. By lunch time more scouts had arrived and joined in on the fun. Then three newer scouts learned how to raise, low, and fold an American flag for flag ceremonies. The unfolded the crisp red and white strip flag with that one patch of blue with stars. Then they hooked it to the metal clips on the rope and let it rise up the mighty white pole. They tied it off and let it stand blowing in the wind looking great and powerful for a moment. Then they brought it down and folded the crisp cloth back to its original triangular shape. Then before supper the boys departed on a trip to do some snow shoeing and cross country skiing in the frosted landscape. It was like taking a tour through a winter wonder land. As night began to encroach upon the cabin and the cold started to stalk in the shadows, the boys came inside to play board games. Some scouts and adults left for home. And finally they all turned in to get a well-deserved rest.

In the morning they rose and began to disassemble camp. It was colder on this day in the snow covered land. The wind blew harder and was nipping at your skin. They left the cabin cleaner than when they got there. They picked up all their games and gear. They packed everything into the vehicles and then stood in the cabin. The commented on the weekend and the fun they had. How they wished more of the newer scouts would come. And how they wanted to thank the adults for giving up time in their busy lives to go camping with some crazy boys, in enclosed spaces for a little less than forty-eight hours. Then they all saddled up in the large metal horses and rode off down the road. Behind they left the fun, the frost cover land, the warm cabin, and the twelve fish they had caught; but with them they took memories of an amazing weekend adventure like no other.