In the church hall, the tables were covered with white table cloths. The front tables had the Boy Scout Banner hanging across them. Above them sat the candle holders with the cards for each rank. The podium and American flag were on the observer's left of the table, while the troop and state flags sat on the right.  The scouts sat on the right of the table and the Scout Masters on the left.

But why were we, the scouts, family members, and scout leaders of Troop 12 here? This was the Red and White banquet a celebration of rank advancement and scouting alike. But this was different because there was a change in the troop leadership. Not only did our positions change but our Scout Master did as well.

Mr. Spinelli became the new Scout Master as Mr. Bergeron stepped back. Pat stayed our Senior Patrol Leader and Ben S. became his assistant. The patrols also got new leaders Kurt, Travis, and Joe S. as Patrol Leaders and Dan, Taylor, and Joe M. as their assistants. Jessie became the Quartermaster, Vinny became the Scribe, Travis became the Webmaster, Taylor became the Chaplain's Aide, Ben B. became the Historian, Hunter became the Librarian, and Matt became the Grubmaster.

We also handed out 15 merit badges and 6 ranks were handed out and the troop explained the awards it had won at the Klondike Derby. They talked about Friends of Scouting and the troop donated $2,000+ to the charity of scouting. This got the troop to have their very own shoulder council patch that will say Troop 12 Leominster on it. Finally, before the buffet of food was served; the Flaming Arrow Patrol preformed a skit.

In this skit Taylor was repelling off the climbing wall. Andy was the one making sure he wouldn't fall. Taylor tried to chicken his way out from going down the wall. But he fell instead. When Taylor didn't answer Andy, Andy became worried that Taylor had died. (Though no one offered to poke him with a stick.) Then at the last moment Taylor lived again.

Thank you Mr. Bergeron for all that you have done for our troop!!!!!!!