This past weekend 4 adults and 8 scouts embarked on a quest to the Leominster Sports- man Club. There they found a frozen lake, small smudges of a white cold and powder thing called snow, and 13 challenges along with several other Boy scout Troops.
On Friday night it sprinkled as the cars rolled in and onto the patch of snow. The scouts stepped out and soon built a campsite from the ground up. Once done, they started a fire which crackled and burned. But soon the scouts went inside to play so cards and have a cracker-barrel. Later, they returned to the camp and as the eerie red glow of the fire began to fade they retired to bed.
In the morning, they arose with the sun and relit the fire. Soon they ate breakfast made of warm golden toast, eggs, brown juicy sausages, and warm sweet tasting cinnamon buns. As the scouts packed up their sled and headed off to the opening ceremony they were joined by 6 cub scouts. Their sled was soon inspected and they were racing around a small field. Next they built a shelter, it stood tall and proud able to fit two scouts with a narrow opening and three sturdy legs. It was covered by a tarp held in place by rocks and stacks. It was marked by the Scout's patrol flag waving in the wind.
Later the rest of the events were in full swing. There was Geocaching, which sent them on an epic quest, Communication which tested the understanding, teamwork, and planning skills; a blind maze that tested one's leadership, friction bridge and Chippewa wash station that tested their ingenuity, melting frosty which tested their fire making skills, orienteering that sent them walking in circles following a compass, arctic chef, rifle shooting, and finally first aid or "last aid, because it will be the last amount of aid you will ever need".
That night all the scouts huddled into the building to watch The Day After Tomorrow, Monday, and listen to how scouting will be forever changing and about the 2013 National Jamboree. (and had snacks.)
Sunday morning they got up and packed up maybe in record time. Then they reflected on their weekend, and the things they had learned. They then went to the closing ceremony to get eleven awards (2 first place, 5 second place and 4 third place ribbons) and a second overall place in the Klondike Derby. Though the funniest part of it was that an all cub scout group won one of the events.
All scouts that had gone agreed it was an amazing camping trip. And so with new things to put on the troop flag the scouts embarked on the journey back home.