Last Thursday, the scouts of Troop 12 Leominster were greeted at their weekly meeting with an ice fishing demo from Mr. Spinelli. He started be saying “Stay off the ice if you don’t know if it’s safe.” He then told the scouts to stay off of ice that is only 2 inches deep but 4 inches deep will hold a person.

Next he talked about gear they would need. He said they should wear good boats (water proof), a snow suit, hat, gloves, and warm socks at least. He said you should carry rope, spikes (for catching yourself when you fall in the ice), pliers, multi-tool, knife, and even an inflatable life jacket. He also said you should always carry a camera because you never know what you will find. And you can use a backpack for extra clothes, first aid gear, lunch, rain gear, or just to lighten your sled.

Next he talked about fishing gear. He said you need an auger for cutting holes in the ice or an ice chisel to reopen old hole that have frozen over. You need a scope to clear the holes of snow and ice. But most importantly you need a tip up or fishing pole. For a tip up you put a sounder or sinker on the line to measure the depth of the water, then you retract some line and put on your bait. Finally, set up the flag and your good to go. But there are different types of tip ups like ones that are wind resistant, some that are anti freeze, and even survival tip ups. Jigging is using an ice fishing pole in a hole.

He also taught us how to make a survival tip up using two sticks, a shoe lace, something for a flag, a line, and a soda can cap hook. Use the shoe lace to tie the sticks together, put the flag on one end and the line on the other of the same stick. Then you put the soda can cap hook on the end of the line. He had even caught a fish with it. He also told us some laws on fishing. You need a fishing license if you are over 15 years old. You can also get a $100 fine for every tip up, with bait in a hole, that you cannot see; and the fact that you can only have five holes per a person.